you
the autopilot will control all aspects
of the aircraft until touchdown at most
major airports at this manual landing at
Hong Kong's Kai Tak Airport the
autopilot is disengaged by pulling down
on the disengage bar turning the
autothrottle arm off and setting the
flight director to off you now have full
control over throttle pitch and roll
the aircraft is in your control and you
can begin your taxi when you apply taxi
thrust the speed brakes will retract
taxi toward the gate or parking area of
your choice when you arrive at the gate
you will be following these procedures
for shutdown set flaps 20 set auto
brakes to off set the traffic collision
avoidance system the tcas to standby set
landing and strobe lights to off start
the auxiliary power unit the APU this
allows the engines to be turned off but
still provide power to the aircraft
until ground power is available set the
parking brake as soon as you're fully
stopped at the gate or parking area turn
on APU generator 1 and APU generator 2
on the pneumatics panel set engine bleed
valves to off
make sure APU bleed is on to ensure
airflow continues while a passengers
deplane set engine hydraulic pumps off
on the throttle panel set fuel control
switches to cut off this will turn the
engines off on the center pedestal turn
the seat belt indicator to off open
necessary doors turn the beacon lights
off to indicate the plane is properly
parked and will not be moving ground
power should now be available if it is
switch to ground power and turn the APU
off if ground power is not available
leave the APU on to provide power to the
aircraft until a shutdown checklist has
been completed turn off yah dampers turn
off hydraulic demand switches turn off
control ignition turn off auto start
turn off all three inertial reference
systems the IRS systems turn off left
and right utility turn off all fuel
pumps the tank 2f pump will remain on
until the exhilarate is shut down open
all cross feeds that's marked X feed
this will allow fuel to flow freely if
the aircraft is refueled turn off window
heat turn off aft cargo heat turn off
trim air
turn off gas per turn off upper and
lower recirculating fans set all three
packs to off turn off APU bleed turn off
APU gen1 and apu gin to turn off ap you
turn off external power 1 & 2 set all
internal and external lighting to off
set the standby power selector to off
turn the battery off your 747 aircraft
is now totally shut down congratulations
on a successful arrival in Hong Kong